README.md, before:

# EPFL notes from an IN student

I made those documents for my own use, but I thought that typed notes might be of interest to others. So, I shared it (with you, if you are reading this!); since it did not cost me anything. I just ask you to keep in mind that there are mistakes, it is impossible not to make any. If you find some, please feel free to share them with me (grammatical and vocabulary errors are of course also welcome). You can contact me at my EMFL e-mail adress.

Please note that those contents do not belong to me. I have made some structural changes, reworded some parts, and added some personal notes; but the wording and explanations come mainly from the Professors, and from the books on which they based their course.

I think it is worth mentioning that in order to get these notes typed up, I took my notes in LaTeX during the course, and then made some corrections. I do not think typing handwritten notes is doable in terms of the amount of work. To take notes in LaTeX, I took my inspiration from [a blog post written by Gilles Castle](https://castel.dev/post/lecture-notes-1/). If you want more details, feel free to contact me.

Commit message:

Modified README to add git push force mention, and link to releases

README.md, after:

# EPFL notes from an IN student

## Download
You can find my latest notes (if I updated them) in the [Releases section](https://github.com/JoachimFavre/EPFLNotesIN/releases). If you want to have a single lesson (because I forgot to update the full document, for example), do not hesitate to pull this repository and compile the lecture using *PdfLaTeX*.

## Remarks
I made those documents for my own use, but I thought that typed notes might be of interest to others. So, I shared it (with you, if you are reading this!); since it did not cost me anything. I just ask you to keep in mind that there are mistakes, it is impossible not to make any. If you find some, please feel free to share them with me (grammatical and vocabulary errors are of course also welcome). You can contact me at my EMFL e-mail address.

Please note that those contents do not belong to me. I have made some structural changes, reworded some parts, and added some personal notes; but the wording and explanations come mainly from the Professors, and from the books on which they based their course.

I think it is worth mentioning that in order to get these notes typed up, I took my notes in LaTeX during the course, and then made some corrections. I do not think typing handwritten notes is doable in terms of the amount of work. To take notes in LaTeX, I took my inspiration from [a blog post written by Gilles Castle](https://castel.dev/post/lecture-notes-1/). If you want more details, feel free to contact me.

## Note
Note that I have done some weird things with this GitHub repository forcing me to do a *git push --force* using a new Git repository with only the latest changes (I, for example, had done some things stopping git from doing version control on my .pdf files, but it did not work well). This may lead to some bug on this GitHub repository. Anyhow, I want to thank Alberts Reisons and Vlad Dancau who made push requests with small modifications to my BA1 notes; the *git push --force* removed their name.
